I1463 open shift connector - ready for the review (#1080)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/extensions/proc_installing-openshift-connector-in-eclipse-che.adoc

---
title: Installing OpenShift Connector in Eclipse Che
keywords:
tags: []
sidebar: che_7_docs
permalink: che-7/installing-openshift-connector-in-eclipse-che/
folder: che-7/extensions
summary:
---
// using-openshift-connector-in-eclipse-che

[id="installing-openshift-connector-in-eclipse-che_{context}"]

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

= Installing OpenShift Connector in {prod-short}

> OpenShift Connector is a plug-in designed to create basic OpenShift components, using {prod-short} as the editor, and to deploy the component in to the OpenShift cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenShift Connector is a plug-in designed to create basic OpenShift Components, using {prod-short} as the editor, and to deploy the Components to an OpenShift cluster.

```

To visually verify that the plug-in is available in your instance, see whether the OpenShift icon is displayed in the {prod-short} left menu.

> If OpenShift Connector is not a part of a {prod-short} instance, install and enable it using the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install and enable OpenShift Connector in a {prod-short} instance, use instructions in this section.
```

.Prerequisites

* A running instance of {prod}. To install an instance of {prod}, see link:{site-baseurl}che-7/che-quick-starts/[{prod-short} quick-starts].

.Procedure

Install OpenShift Connector in {prod-short} by adding it as an extension in the {prod-short} *Plugins* panel.

> . Open the *{prod-short} Plugins* panel by hitting `CTRL+SHIFT+J` or by navigating to *View/Plugins*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the *{prod-short} Plugins* panel by pressing kbd:[Ctrl+Shift+J] or by navigating to *View -> Plugins*.
```
press, not hit :)

> . Search for `vscode-openshift-connector`, and click the btn:[Install] button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Search for *vscode-openshift-connector*, and click the btn:[Install] button.
```
